good
We deeply regret that today we
dawned with four dead in our
city ​​means that in October respect
last year we are worse this year than
previous
that means then that I with the
greater respect but with all the
I demand forcefulness from Colonel
benavides that he faces the
citizenship and explain him the lord
mayor what is happening
because we from the administration
municipal, the mayor has given
the police everything they have been able to much
before the problems arise
I am already there to solve them with
all the heart and with all the will
we have made from the
municipal administration by
clear instructions from the mayor
all the support to the public force in
special to the police that are the
responsible for citizen security
this means that it can not be that today
let's wake up with four dead and we have
and we demand a concrete response to
Mr. Colonel Benavides and of course
some results absolutely
forceful
Well, what I 'm asking the
police are results we do not
we can continue waiting like that, it works
it works because we 're giving it all the
tool and if it's not the police
then who if we put a
private security team are going to
say paramilitaries well surely with
justice for that is the police
national projects that also respond
to special situations a situation
that had not been presented to us
but in the same way I want to express to you
which are isolated cases, that is, they are not
cases that correlate we have a
very good research by part of
our research section we have
he also offered a reward of up
two million pesos to people
provide us with valuable information for
to be able to capture the authors of
materials of these facts and also
tell them that if they have actually
presented is not the common denominator in
the city and what are we doing all
the plans programs so to avoid
continue to increase this type of
events
no no